Modify rule S4635: Improve code example (#2143)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S4635/csharp/rule.adoc

Creating a new object consumes significant https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_resource[system resources], especially CPU and memory. When using `Substring` repeatedly, such as in a loop, it can greatly impact the overall performance of the application or program. As the size of the string increases, the slower it becomes.

> To mitigate the creation of new objects while searching for characters within a substring, it is possible to use the overload of the mentioned methods that accept an offset as the second parameter. Here is an example:

Reviewer: The parameter is always called `startIndex` so we could use the name to refer to it instead of the position
```suggestion
To mitigate the creation of new objects while searching for characters within a substring, it is possible to use the overload of the mentioned methods with a `startIndex` parameter. Here is an example:
```

[source,csharp,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
str.IndexOf(char1, startIndex) - startIndex;    // Compliant: no new instance of string created
----

Using these methods gives the same result while avoiding the creation of additional `string` objects.

=== Pitfalls

> As mentioned in the `String.IndexOf` documentation, when the value to seek within the string is not found, `String.IndexOf` will return the `-1`.

Reviewer: I don't understand the problem. The code can be rewritten as follows:
```cs
if (str.IndexOf(char1, startIndex) == -1)
```
Consider removing the pitfall section.

> As mentioned in the `String.IndexOf` documentation, when the value to seek within the string is not found, `String.IndexOf` will return the `-1`.

Author: I think the section is still relevant with your version of the fix.
The rule's compliant solution suggests subtracting `startIndex` from the result of `IndexOf`.
```cs
str.IndexOf(char1, startIndex) - startIndex
```

I think, if not careful enough, devs might apply the fix and end up with code like this:

```cs
if (str.IndexOf(char1, startIndex) - startIndex == -1)
{
   // ...
}
```

Which will change the behavior of the application. It will, in most cases if not all, evaluate to `false`.

> As mentioned in the `String.IndexOf` documentation, when the value to seek within the string is not found, `String.IndexOf` will return the `-1`.

Author: I have removed the `Pitfalls` section and updated the examples to be more realistic.
I believe now, it should be more clear.

=== What is the potential impact?

Creating a new object consumes significant https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_resource[system resources], especially CPU and memory. When using `Substring` repeatedly, such as in a loop, it can greatly impact the overall performance of the application or program.

> To mitigate the creation of new objects while searching for characters within a substring, it is possible to use the overload of the mentioned methods with a `startIndex` parameter. Here is an example:

Reviewer: There are many overloads with a `startIndex` parameter per method group. "Here is an example:" doesn't fit any more as you show the compliant solution.
```suggestion
To mitigate the creation of new objects while searching for characters within a substring, it is possible to use an overload of the mentioned methods with a `startIndex` parameter:
```

[source,csharp,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----

> if (str.IndexOf(char1, startIndex) == -1)           // Compliant: no new instance of string created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if (str.IndexOf(char1, startIndex) == -1)           // Compliant: no new instance of string is created
```

[source,csharp,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
str.IndexOf(char1, startIndex) - startIndex;    // Compliant: no new instance of string created
----

> Using these methods gives the same result while avoiding the creation of additional `string` objects.

Reviewer 2: This will not have the same result in every scenario as the non-compliant version of the code.
If the character/string cannot be found in the string, then `IndexOf` will return -1. I've seen several code bases, where the return value of `IndexOf` was compared to -1 instead of checking whether it's smaller than 0. Consider the following code:
```
if (str.SubString(42).IndexOf('X') == -1)
{
   ...
}
```
Replacing this with 
```
if (str.IndexOf('X', 42) - 42 == -1)
{
   ...
}
```
will yield a different outcome if `'X'` is not found.
I think it's worth adding this as a note to the description.
